# G4

- `ID`: The ID of G4.
- `Chromsome`: The chromsome on which G4 exists.
- `Start`: The 0-based start position of G4 in the chromsome.
- `End`: The 0-based end position of G4 in the chromsome.
- `Strand`: The strand on which G4 exists. "+" or "-".
- `Cell line`: The cell line in which the data was attained.
- `DOI`: The DOI of the source.

---

## Search G4

- `ID`: The ID of G4. Multiple entries should be separated by commas.
- `Chromsome`: The chromsome on which G4 exists. Multiple entries should be separated by commas.
- `Start`: The 0-based start position of search. G4s between `Start` and `End` will be found.
- `End`: The 0-based end position of search. G4s between `Start` and `End` will be found.
- `Strand`: The strand on which G4 exists. "+" or "-".
- `Cell line`: The cell line in which the data was attained. Multiple entries should be separated by commas.
- `DOI`: The DOI of the source.

Search criteria that are not entered are considered to be unrestricted.

## Search G4 by GENE data

- `Gene ID`: The ID of GENE. Multiple entries should be separated by commas. The relevant G4s will be found.
- `Gene symbol`: The gene symbol of gene. Multiple entries should be separated by commas. The relevant G4s will be found.

Search criteria that are not entered are considered to be unrestricted.

## Search G4 by GDA data

- `GDA ID`: The ID of GDA. Multiple entries should be separated by commas. The relevant G4s will be found.
- `Disease name`: The disease name of GDA data. Multiple entries should be separated by spaces. GDA data which containing these keywords will be found regardless of the case of letters. The relevant G4s will be found.

Search criteria that are not entered are considered to be unrestricted.
